A white-clad female ghost glides through iron bars toward a terrified man.
The ghost advances, her long white costume flowing in the dim light.
Zhang Peizan backs against the wall as the ghost closes in. Her face is hidden in shadow. He is trapped with no way to escape.
Her ghostly white face is suddenly revealed.
The door slams shut, sealing Zhang inside.
Zhang falls to both knees, hands clasped, desperately begging the ghost for mercy.
Zhang kneels on the floor, cowering below her.
The ghost leans close; Zhang gazes up from the floor in fear.
The ghost pursues Zhang in frantic circles, demanding confession.
Judge Bao appears above; Qianjin removes her disguise. Zhang collapses.